JLOC.EXE version 0.6 by John S. Fine <johnfine@erols.com>

   This program is a linker/locator for use when you need more control over
placement of sections within the image, than a standard linker provides.

   Use this program entirely at your own risk.  I make no claim that
this program is suitable or safe for any purpose.

ZERO-PRICE SHAREWARE:

   If you continue to use this program after a reasonable initial test,
you must register it.  You do not need to send any money.  Registration
consists entirely of sending an EMAIL to johnfine@erols.com to tell me
that you are using it, and where you got your copy.  Bug reports and
suggestions are also welcome, though I can't promise to do anything
with them.

Documentation:

   Starting with version 0.3 the documentation is in HTML format in the
file JLOC.HTM.

Changes:

0.6:

* Fixed more bugs in COFF support.

0.5:

*  Fixed a bug in COFF support that, in version 0.4, caused most self
relative relocations from COFF files to be processed incorrectly.

*  Allowed the start and i_start expressions to be omitted in the
control file.  JLOC will compute defaults.

0.4:

*  Support the COFF files (.o) generated by djgpp.  I don't know how
similar other examples of COFF are to djgpp.  They might be supported
as well.

*  Added a patch step at the end of linking.  This is useful for link
time initialization of descriptor tables and other things that usually
require run time initialization.

0.3:

*  Improved the documentation.

*  Removed a bug that had caused errors in lower case hex values.

*  Removed a bug that had caused attempts to write records to the SYM
file when no SYM file was open.

*  Issue a new THEADR record to the SYM file whenever the selector in
the next LINNUM record differs from the selector in the previous LINNUM.
(This is a work around for a defect in the Microtek ICE, that I use.  I
don't currently know of any other debugger that uses the SYM file format
output by JLOC.)

